#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
Step-by-step guidance on getting started...

1) Download the dev channel version of the Google chrome browser - see [http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel].

2) Launch this browser with the following flag "--enable-experimental-extension-apis" allowing google's experimental text-to-speech engine to work.

From the information provided on the http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/experimental.html webpage there are two ways to enable the experimental API in your browser.

Either, go to chrome://flags in Chrome's omnibox (url entry area), navigate down to "Experimental Extension APIs", click its "Enable" link, and restart Chrome.

(From now on, unless you return to that page and disable experimental APIs, you'll be able to run extensions that use experimental APIs).

Or, specify the "--enable-experimental-extension-apis" reference each time you launch the browser.

  * On Windows, you can do this by modifying the properties of the shortcut that you use to launch Google Chrome. For example: path_to_chrome.exe --enable-experimental-extension-apis

  * On a Mac, you can launch a terminal window then specify the path to the Chrome browser app followed by a space and then the "--enable-experimental-extension-apis" reference. Mine looks like: "/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome" --enable-experimental-extension-apis.

3) Download the five files in the 'src' directory to a local directory.

4) In the Chrome browser navigate to the "chrome://extensions" page and choose the developers menu.

5) In the same page, choose to load an unpackaged extension and then select the directory you downloaded the source code to.

6) After a successful load, the "Project metalmouth" extension should appear in the list of extensions on the "chrome://extensions" page.

7) See UserGuide for information on starting, and using, the extension.