#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements
=What's coming next...=

==1) Tidy Up...==

Several functions currently sit outside main objects, it would be better if this could be tidied up.

_(Completed: 28th - moved to version 1.2.0.)_

==2) Keystroke commands...== 

I have decided to try out the following solution for keystroke access to the most commonly used functions in the toolbar. I shall assign the following keys to following functions:

Most used...

  * g - Prev
  * h - Next
  * j - Re-read
  * Space - interact

Other functions that are not so often used I shall leave just for the moment.

Holding down these keys for more than one second should then active the relevant functions (if they are enabled in the toolbar), and state "action no possible - due to xyz" otherwise. 

(Comments both good / bad on the above would most gratefully be received.) 

Also, it should be noted that the "Reading speed" box could be moved to the right end of the toolbar.

==3) Moving toward a more complete off-screen model...== 

===3.1) Interaction containers===

*Skip Link* (IN):

*Skip Target* (IN):

*Link* (IN):

*Iframe* (MISSING): Notes - what about opening the iframe in a new page - which could then be explored.

===3.2) Interaction objects===

*Text Box* (IN): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - text, search.

*Button* (IN): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - submit, image, reset, button.

*Check Button* (IN): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - checkbox, radio.

_The following require stating the expected formatting for the box._

*Number Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - number. 

*Telephone Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - telephone.

*Url Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - url.

*Email Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - email.

*Date Time Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - date-time.

*Date Time Local Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - date-time-local.

*Date Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - date.

*Month Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - month.

*Week Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - week.

*Time Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - time.

_The following require more than just stating the expected formatting for the box._

*Password Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - password.

*Range Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - range.

*File Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - file.

*Color Box* (MISSING): Notes - handles INPUT elements with certain type values - color. As yet this is not seemingly supported by Chrome browser.

*Single Select* (IN):

*Multi Select* (MISSING):

*User Amendable Select* (MISSING): Notes - handles datalist element.

===3.3) Semantic containers=== 
*Main Content Area* (MISSING): Notes - wai-aria role = main.  (Feature request) Would be good to have a start reading at start of main content area button.

*Section* (IN): Notes - should it role in article??? 

*Nav Block* (MISSING):

*Paragraph* (IN):

*Static Text* (IN):

*Address* (MISSING):

*Form* (IN):

*Input Group* (MISSING): Notes - Fieldset elements / wai-aria landmark roles???

*Footer* (MISSING):

*Bulleted List* (MISSING):

*Numbered List* (MISSING):

*Map* (MISSING):

*Table* (MISSING):

===3.4) Semantic objects=== 
*Semantic Image* (IN): Notes - semantic image if alt is not null or ""

*Canvas* (MISSING):

*Video* (MISSING):

*Audio* (MISSING):

*App Object* (MISSING):

*Meter* (MISSING): Notes - would this include Progress element.

*Abbreviation* (MISSING): Notes - abbreviations would otherwise sound strange. Are there any other things which might sound strange???  Urls in the text might need to be recognised otherwise they might be spoken out strangely.

*Quote* (MISSING):

*Insertion* (MISSING):

*Deletion* (MISSING):

*Time* (MISSING): Notes - times would otherwise sound strange???

*Different Language Text* (MISSING): Notes - text in a different language would otherwise sound strange???

*Code* (MISSING): Notes - code would otherwise sound strange??? 

===3.5) Unsupported===
*unsupported* (IN): Notes - this covers all / every other element which is not mentioned above.

==4) Try to handle DOM Mutation Events in an elegant manner==

If nodes are added / removed from the DOM structure the user needs to be informed.  Concentration would initially be placed into the following three DOM mutation events:

  * DOMSubtreeModified (onsubtreemodified): Fires when the subtree is modified (bubbles)

  * DOMNodeInserted (onnodeinserted): Fires when a node has been added as a child of another node (bubbles)

  * DOMNodeRemoved (onnoderemoved): Fires when a node has been removed from a DOM-tree (bubbles)